- Pop and I never really talked about it.
The war at all, I asked
him about it one time.
- You had to survive.
That's the main thing.
- We were sitting on the
porch drinking beer at night.
In summertime or something
and I asked him a question.
- Sometimes you think,
what the hell are we doing here, right?
I've watched my friends die.
- And he just said,
you know, that's death.
So I just let it be.
- It's a weird experience,
and a sad experience,
and I just hope nobody
else has to go through it.
Okay.
("Rooster" by Alice in Chains)
♪ Ain't found a way to kill me yet ♪
♪ Eyes burn with stinging sweat ♪
♪ Seems every path leads me to nowhere ♪
♪ Wife and kids, household pet ♪
♪ Army green was no safe bet ♪
♪ The bullets scream
to me from somewhere ♪
♪ Here they come to
snuff the rooster, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, here come the rooster, yeah ♪
♪ You know he ain't gonna die ♪
♪ No, no, no, you know
he ain't gonna die ♪
♪ Here they come to snuff
the rooster, oh yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, here come the rooster, yeah ♪
♪ You know he ain't gonna die ♪
♪ No, no, no, you know
he ain't gonna die ♪
♪ Walkin' tall machine gun man ♪
♪ They spit on me in my homeland ♪
♪ Gloria sent me pictures of my boy ♪
♪ Got my pills 'gainst mosquito death ♪
♪ My buddy's breathin' his dyin' breath ♪
♪ Oh god, please won't you
help me make it through? ♪
♪ Here they come to snuff
the rooster, ah yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, here come the rooster, yeah ♪
♪ You know he ain't gonna die ♪
♪ No, no, no you know he ain't gonna die ♪